add description + example for nix flake archive (#11530)
NixOS/nix: src/nix/flake-archive.md

  # nix flake archive --json --dry-run nixops
  ```

* Upload all flake inputs to a different machine for remote evaluation

  ```
  # nix flake archive --to ssh://some-machine
  ```

>   On the remote machine the flake can be than access via it's store path. That computed like this:

Reviewer: Few small typos here, I'd correct this to: 
"On the remote machine the flake can then be accessed via its store path. That's computed like this:"

>   On the remote machine the flake can be than access via it's store path. That computed like this:

Author: ```suggestion
  On the remote machine the flake can then be accessed via its store path. That's computed like this:
```

  ```
  # nix flake metadata --json | jq -r '.path'
  ```

# Description

> Copy a flake and all its inputs to a store. This useful i.e. to evaluate flakes on a different host.

Reviewer: Add an "is" between "This" and "useful"

> Copy a flake and all its inputs to a store. This useful i.e. to evaluate flakes on a different host.

Author: ```suggestion
Copy a flake and all its inputs to a store. This is useful i.e. to evaluate flakes on a different host.
```
